# hello-world
ideas and practice

Today is a really hard day. All I can think about is Whitley and how I don't know when I will ever see her again. Also Tommy and why he said he missed me but won't talk to me. It is hard to breathe. I can't stop crying. I'm never dating or doing this ever again. Fuck this noise. I'll have pets and be fine. I feel like I'm dying.

We can never be together ever again. This is a concept that a child can grasp. I did, at the age of 6. She is more than capable at the age of 11. More love in a child's life is not bad. I do not know what you're worried about. My parents got divorced, both remarried, my father twice. It didn't mean only one or the other of my parents could love me. That concept is dumb. She can know that us is not a thing, but also know that I am here for her no matter what, no matter when, forever and always. Do you really think I would drop the ball on her? Do you think I would be a bad influence? What is your problem that you can't see that doing this this way hurts her and I? Doing this, ripping me away from her is dumb. And cruel. She loses her mother, I am presented as a forever addition, I go here, we go together, I am your stepmother. Then something happens, what I guess I'll never know, and you think you get to break up the family that you went out of your way to cultivate with no discussion or consultation from anyone else who is going to be affected by this? She and I have no say? You control her and any interaction between any of us. This is really fucked up dude. Really, really fucked up. What the hell happened to you? Where did the old you go? Was the old you fake? I think all of your issues with us stem from some deep insecurity plus your family history. I think if we had really followed through on what we were talking about, you wouldn't have freaked out because maybe it would have finally sunk in that I'm not going anywhere. Even now admist heart-wrenching punishment, I have no where else to go and no desire to leave, at least her.

This is dumb. This is a bad way to do it. We used to be able to talk. About literally anything no matter how hard or awkward the subject. What happened to that? Who is the asshole who sends me a text and then what, I'm just supposed to slink away with my tail between my legs?
Fuck you you fucking fuck. No fucking way am I doing that to her. She needs to know that I tried. She needs to know that you may walk away from me, but I will never walk away from her. Never. Not ever.
